fix(curriculum): correct font-size answer in cascade of CSS lesson (#60928)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/16-the-odin-project/top-learn-css-specificity/the-cascade-of-css-lesson-f.md

## --text--

> Based on the given CSS code, which font size would be applied to elements with the class names `class` and `second-class`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the given CSS code, which font size would be applied to an element that has both the `class` and `second-class` classes?
```

We should use the text recommended in the issue.

Author: Thanks @naomi-lgbt! I have made the changes to the question as you suggested. Let me know if anything else needs to be changed.
